Add mobile docs (#71)
uphold/topper-docs: docs/mobile.md

---
sidebar_position: 13
---

# Mobile

> When integrating Topper on a mobile app, or either you open Topper on a **user's browser**, where no extra configuration is required, or embed it in a **WebView**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When integrating Topper with a mobile app you can either open Topper on a **user's browser** (where no extra configuration is required), or embed it in a **WebView**.
```

> When embedding on a **WebView**, please ensure the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When embedding on a **WebView**, please ensure the following steps have been completed:
```

> - set the correct parameters referenced on [Single Sign-On](./single-sign-on.md#mobile-app) and [Digital Wallets](./digital-wallets.md#mobile-app).
> - configure the **WebView** to support [Cloudflare Turnstile](https://www.cloudflare.com/products/turnstile/).
> - configure camera and audio app permissions to support [Veriff](https://www.veriff.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the correct parameters referenced on [Single Sign-On](./single-sign-on.md#mobile-app) and [Digital Wallets](./digital-wallets.md#mobile-app).
- Configure the **WebView** to support [Cloudflare Turnstile](https://www.cloudflare.com/products/turnstile/).
- Configure camera and audio app permissions to support [Veriff](https://www.veriff.com/).
```

## Cloudflare Turnstile

> We use **Clouflare Turnstile** to confirm users are real and to block unwanted bots without slowing down the experience, so please be sure to follow this [Webview configurations](https://developers.cloudflare.com/turnstile/get-started/mobile-implementation/#webview-configurations) and [update the allowed origins](https://developers.cloudflare.com/turnstile/get-started/mobile-implementation/#update-allowed-origins) to account for `challenges.cloudflare.com, about:blank, about:srcdoc` and enable `https` and `http` connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use **Clouflare Turnstile** to confirm users are real and to block unwanted bots without slowing down the experience. Please be sure to follow these [Webview configurations](https://developers.cloudflare.com/turnstile/get-started/mobile-implementation/#webview-configurations), [update the allowed origins](https://developers.cloudflare.com/turnstile/get-started/mobile-implementation/#update-allowed-origins) to include `challenges.cloudflare.com, about:blank, about:srcdoc`, and enable `https` and `http` connections.
```

> If you use `react-native-webview` package update your **WebView** `originWhitelist` as `originWhitelist={['https://*', 'http://*', 'about:blank', 'about:srcdoc']}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the `react-native-webview` package, update your **WebView** `originWhitelist` to `originWhitelist={['https://*', 'http://*', 'about:blank', 'about:srcdoc']}`.
```
